Documentation for all controllers of etcd-druid (#722)
gardener/etcd-druid: docs/concepts/00-controllers.md

- *secret* : responsible in making sure `Secret`s are not deleted while in use.

## package structure

The typical package structure for the controllers that are part of etcd-druid is shown with the *custodian controller*:

``` bash
controllers/custodian
├── config.go
├── reconciler.go
└── register.go
````

- `config.go`: contains all the logic for the configuration of the controller.
- `register.go`: contains the logic for registering the controller with the manager.
- `reconciler.go`: contains the controller logic.

Each controller package also contains auxiliary files which are relevant to that specific controller.

## controller manager

A *manager* is first created for all controllers that are a part of etcd-druid.
The *controller manager* is responsible for all the controllers that are associated with CRDs.
Once the manager is `Start()`-ed, all the controllers that are *registered* with it are started.  
It is analogous to the Kuberenetes Controller Manager in that it is responsible for running all the controllers
that are defined by the consumer of Kubebuilder, the way Kubernetes Controller Manager is responsible for running the

> inbuilt controller in Kubernetes, for its consumer.

Author: It possibly raising more questions as to why they're not exactly similar, and possible deviations in design are very valid points!
Thanks for pointing this oversight!

It adds a finalizer to the `Etcd` resource in order to ensure that the `Etcd` instance does not get deleted while
the system is still dependent on the existence of the `Etcd` resource. 

When the *etcd controller* enters the deletion flow, components are deleted in the reverse order that they were
deployed in.

The *etcd controller* is essential to the functioning of the etcd cluster and etcd-druid, thus the minimum number of
worker threads is 1 (default being 3).

## custodian controller - **subject to change soon - WIP** 

The *custodian controller* acts on the `Etcd` resource.
The primary purpose of the *custodian controller* is to update the status of the `Etcd` resource.

It watches for changes in the status of the `Statefulset`s associated with the `Etcd` resources.
Even though the `Etcd` resource owns the `Statefulset`, it is not necessary that the *etcd controller* 
reconciles whenever there are changes in the statuses of the objects that the `Etcd` resource owns.
To reflect changes that occur in the `Statefulset` status in the `Etcd` resource, the *custodian controller*
keeps a watch on the `Statefulset`.

> 

Reviewer: Perfect, thanks!

Whenever `EtcdCopyBackupsTask` resources are deployed or updated, the *etcdcopybackupstask controller* picks up these
events from the event queue.
The `EtcdCopyBackupsTask` uses the etcd-backup-restore image, and deploys it as a job. The argument used for the job
is the `copy` command of `etcdbrctl`, and has the source and target storage providers as arguments when creating
the job resource instance.

The number of worker threads for the *etcdcopybackupstask controller* needs to be greater than or equal to 0 (default
being 3). This is unlike other controllers who need atleast one worker thread for the proper functioning of etcd-druid.
This is because etcdcopybackupstask is not a core functionality for the etcd clusters to be deployed.

## secret controller

The *secret controller*'s primary responsibility is to add a finalizer on `Secret`s referenced by the `Etcd` resource.
The *secret controller* is registered for `Secret`s, and the controller keeps a watch on the `Etcd` CR.
This finalizer is added to ensure that `Secret`s which are referenced by the `Etcd` CR aren't deleted while still
being used by the `Etcd` resource.

> Events which involve the `Etcd` CR which refer to a `Secret` are enqueued into the request queue, which the reconciler
> acts on.  
> The controller reconciles whenever necessary events are queued in, and thus is triggered automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Events arising from the `Etcd` resource are mapped to a list of `Secret`s such as backup and TLS secrets that are referenced by the `Etcd` resource, and are enqueued into the request queue, which the reconciler then acts on.
```

> The number of worker threads for the secret controller must be atleast 1 (default being 10), since infrastructure
> access to store snapshots is essential to the proper functioning of etcd-druid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of worker threads for the secret controller must be atleast 1 (default being 10) for this core controller, since the referenced TLS and infrastructure access secrets are essential to the proper functioning of the etcd cluster.
```
